Second Stranger Reviews -

"e Second Stranger is original, accomplished, and thought-provoking."Vickireadsbooks.com
“Good premises can come easy; sustaining them across a novel's length is the trick. Martin Griffin does precisely this, and then some, in The Second Stranger, a Misery-evoking debut thriller set in the blizzard-blasted Scottish Highlands.”

– Shelf Awareness

“Clever and bold. The Second Stranger starts with a shiver of dangerous uncertainty before exploding into full on murder and mayhem. Anything you think you know, you don't.”

– Lisa Gardner, #1 New York Times bestselling author

“If there is a finer crime debut this year, it will be a surprise, for this story set in a remote hotel in the remote Scottish Highlands during a blizzard is stunning. There are shades of the great 1948 American film Key Largo as the serpentine story unfolds, and this is not only every bit as gripping, it also boasts a heroine whose resilience warms the blood.”

– The Daily Mail

"An impressive debut thriller shot through with a menace that makes its Highlands hotel setting feel like a house of cards. The tension winds ever tighter as the storm strengthens its grip and the cracks start to show—in the illusion of warmth and safety, the mask of the murderer, and the frozen landscape itself.”

– Emma Styles, author of No Country for Girls

From the evocative setting to the clever plot, this locked room mystery is a brilliant debut from an excellent new voice in the world of crime fiction - My Weekly

The Last Visitor Reviews - 

Last Visitor will leave you breathless till the last page for a haunting premise, well-elaborated character development, and unpredictable storyline. Rich in narrativity, chilling suspense coupled with psychological intensity, this is one novel worth reading by anybody who loves mysterious mysteries. -Dara Khyathi

A ‘locked-room’ mystery set on an island in the ATLANTIC, Last Visitor is a really good page-turning read. -tripfiction.com

A worthy successor to [Griffin's] great debut, The Second Stranger, last year. Inventive, thrilling and with a fine sense of place, it glistens with menace ― DAILY MAIL

A real tour de force. The Last Visitor is a perfect locked room mystery, with believable characters, razor-sharp dialogue and a desolate island setting that proves to be the stuff of nightmares. Martin Griffin has created a tale that grips you from start to finish -- KATE RHODES

Tense and absorbing . . . The Last Visitor is reminiscent of Agatha Christie's And Then There Were None, but Mr. Griffin's stylishly written white-knuckler, which culminates in a breathtaking abandoned-lighthouse sequence, creates an atmosphere all its own ― WALL STREET JOURNAL

A brilliant debut from an excellent new voice in the world of crime fiction ― MY WEEKLY